We will continue to explore the topic of looting this time there will be practical exercises to so make
sure you have the code editor browser and terminal opened and ready.
In Laravel, routes are defined inside the routes folder and a to file and a web BHP.
Before we cover the existing code in those files or learn how to define the rules ourselves, let's
first discuss why the separation for Web and Abib exists at all.
So that's a long lasting Laravel convention, the separation is due to different requirements of normal
Web pages and API responses, which typically return just to the data in the Jasen format.
Now, typical websites rely on cookies and sessions, while APIs, on the other hand, might need some
rate limiting.
Let's see how we can define roots ourselves, so in this Web file, we have the root class imported.
And we will use this ruling class to define routes now route class has some static methods, and those
static method names corresponds to the HDP verb names like GED Post put PAF or delete.
This static methods accept two parameters, the first one is the use of the route we are trying to march.
The second one is the controller, now the controller.
This can be either name of the method in a class or as you see here, an anonymous function.
Let's also clarify what is this Urai parameter?
It's everything that comes after your route, Domaine.
The controller ultimate responsibility is to return some kind of response, this can be either the email
plaintext or an match.
Before we continue, let's head back to the terminal and make sure you have run this bipartisan self-command
to start up development server.
So when you visit this page, you should see something like this.
Now it's time for our exercise, so let's modify what is being returned from this route, so instead
of rendering this HTML that we see.
Let's return some plaintext.
This can be homepage.
Saved the changes.
And refresh this page, we can zoom in to see that this text was actually returned.